Living in an age of information explosion, people are constantly exposed to all kinds of world news from newpapers, TV programs or the internet. Then the question arises: is it nesessary for to know things that do not affect our lives. It seems that it's a waste of time to concern about what's happening in the world that not relate to us. However, as far as I'm concerned, it's better for to pay close attention to the world news.
To begin with, learning what's happening in the world makes people from different cultures understand each other better. With the advancement of the technology, we are now pratically living in the same village. As a memeber of this village, we should more concerned with the general trend of its affair. Only in this way can we develop a harmonious relationship with other members of this village and be generous to each other. For example, when people from different countries are in dispute, it can be more easily settled if they are acquainted with each other's cultural background. Therefore, as citizens of the world, we should learn what's happening outside our little community.
In addtion, things that seem irrelavent to people's life may come out to be quite influential. It may first appear to people that issues that plagued other countries have nothing to do with thier life. However, we have encountered many crises whose sources are other countries. Take the Janpanese nuclear leak as a example, since people got informed of the information, people will not caught the poisonous sea food to eat. If neglected by people in China, this event may cause great damage in people's life.
Last but not least, by knowing about what's happening around the globe, people can keep up with the fast pace of the world. As a person of modern society, one has to absorb as much information as possible no matter it's a piece of local of internation news. The information will keep him from being left by the progress of the society. For example, when an American astronaut set their feet on the moon, it's more a big step in human history than the momumentous moment for the United States. When people from other countries knew about this, they were aware of the huge progress that the world made and were inspired to create another heart-stirring breakthrough. Therefore, world news will not only keep us updated the lasted improvements, but also boot our confidance about what we can do. 

In conclusion, as cosmoplities of the world, in order to get along with people from different regions, to take precatious when something bad happens in other countries and to keep pace with the time, we should definitely read or watch world news.